FFI for VC verification and config (#18)
alan-turing-institute/trustchain-mobile: install_trustchain_mobile.md

cd ../didkit
make -C lib install-rustup-android
make -C lib ../target/test/java.stamp
cargo ndk -t armeabi-v7a -t arm64-v8a -t x86_64 -t x86 -o target/ build --lib --release
make -C lib ../target/test/flutter.stamp
cargo build
```

### 9. Build trustchain targets

> In order to build and run the Trustchain FFI libraries, make sure the `trustchain` repository is cloned alongside the `trustchain-mobile` and `didkit` repositories (as was done in Step 2). Then, from the `trustchain` repository, run:

Author: ```suggestion
In order to build and run the Trustchain FFI libraries, make sure the `trustchain` repository is cloned alongside the `trustchain-mobile` and `didkit` repositories (as was done in Step 2). Then, __after moving to the `trustchain` repository__ , run:
```

```

> cargo ndk \

Author: ```suggestion
cd ../trustchain
cargo ndk \
```

### 11. Run flutter to start mobile app

> - Install package dependencies with:

Author: ```suggestion
- From the `trustchain-mobile` repository, install package dependencies with:
```

```bash
flutter pub get
```

> - And then with an android emulator running from the `trustchain-mobile` repo root:

Author: ```suggestion
- And then with an android emulator running from the `trustchain-mobile` repository:
```
